doc: update readme and mention especific RX E2Studio. (#3)
lvgl/lv_port_renesas_rx72n-envision-kit: README.md

## Getting started

### Dependencies setup:
 
- Install the Renesas E2Studio for RX platfrom from: https://www.renesas.com/en/software-tool/e2studio-information-rx-family 
- Please keep attention, you need the specific software tools for the RX platform, plain E2Studio will not be able to compile it.
- Additionally you can also use the stand-alone GNU-RX from here: https://llvm-gcc-renesas.com/rx-download-toolchains/

> - After that you can integrate the toolchain using the Renesas Toolchain Manager in the View menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep in mind that you need the specific software tools for the RX platform, plain `E2Studio` will not be able to compile the application.
- Additionally you can also use the stand-alone GNU-RX from here: https://llvm-gcc-renesas.com/rx-download-toolchains/
- After that you can select the installed toolchain via the Renesas Toolchain Manager in the View menu.
```
